Let's now look at the types of attacks that Oracles might be subject to.
There are five basic types: Sybil attacks,
cartel attacks, mirroring, freeloading, and privacy.
Sybil attacks are named after a character of a book,
a woman who had a multiple personality disorder.
So that should tell you a little bit about the nature of this particular attack.
Essentially, a single entity attempts to be multiple entities.
So if you have a scenario where the ability to impersonate users
or to create fake personas has no cost or has a very low cost,
it incentivizes people to create Sybil attacks,
where a single entity might create hundreds,
thousands of accounts and use those to influence some action.
In the case of Oracles,
perhaps there is a game or a lottery,
and the larger number of participants could influence who wins or who gains money.
So that's the basic purpose of a Sybil attack.
It's one entity that pretends to be many entities.
A cartel attack is as you might have
guessed from watching Hollywood movies when you talk about the drug cartels etc,
it's where a group of people,
maybe a group of people with malicious intent who are in the oracles business,
they essentially collude to create scenarios and to create outcomes that favor them.
Mirroring is a type of attack in which multiple nodes,
multiple Oracles will essentially just do what others do,
and in doing so,
tip the balance, influence the outcome of things.
Freeloading is when an Oracle requires certain work to be done,
which might cost money or funds in Cryptocurrency.
What freeloading Oracles do is they basically steal
the output of another Oracle and present it as their own,
but without paying the cost of having done whatever work needed to be done.
So what that does is potentially reduce
the quality of information you will get from your Oracle.
Privacy, this is where an Oracle takes
undue advantage of access it might have to certain data,
and inverse or directly accesses
confidential data that it should not have in order to tip the scales.
If you notice in all of these attacks,
the root idea is,
how can you influence the outcome based on
the input that the oracle is providing to the Smart Contract?
So that's the common thread that goes through all of them,
and it's just slightly different variance of each one.
Now, let's look at how you might go about preventing such attacks.
So there's three ways. The first is,
you could block the means of communication with other Oracles.
So if you provide the Oracles with no way to communicate with
each other because there's just no mechanism provided by the smart contract to do so,
you greatly reduce the ability of them to collude and to influence outcomes.
The second point here,
the ability to identify the Oracles is important.
If it is impossible for one Oracle to even know that
another account participating in the Smart Contract is an Oracle,
that greatly increases your security and greatly
decreases their ability to communicate with other Oracles.
Now, while blockchain data is public inherently,
there are techniques you can use such as hashing,
where the answers submitted by other Oracles are not visible to their peers.
When this happens, it makes it easy for Oracles to influence outcomes
because they can just repeat the answers they see submitted from other oracles.
But if it was possible to deny that capability,
then you could be ensured that every Oracle is actually
producing the output it is submitting to the Smart Contract on its own.